death. 
is only word always with me.
  from childhood. i atempted to quit to not goping to school(because never get validate there always get beten by teachers). 
  even when i was in 6 th class. after school there is a spot where shcool bus take turn to move to direction to home.
  where in a shop board written a qoute "i hate my life. i am bad boy". and that time that qoute remind of one thing "Sucide".

  after completing school. went to Kushinagar to learn meditate. (Where bhuda Die).
  and eventually failed to Understand the essense of Mediate 

  now today. had a observation. people who do sucide are the precher of not doing it.
  
  Susant Singh Rajput - in movie chichore - where his son try to attemp to quit. (give a good example of not quitting)
  Robin McLaurin Williams - in movie deid poets socity- where his student did sucide and that movie give really not quiting. you can lie persue what ever your uinique vision seeking
  Chester Charles Bennington - his band made really good song on not quiting - One more light- on one of there freinds quiting (song is like you matter kind)

"i hate my life. i am bad boy"... 
People who think nothing left to live or feel somekind of trap...
or not getting Validation after hours feel like failair (biograpy of steve jobs sucidal thoughts)..
and i think if you are doing something different where you are getiing validation. this is common thought you will get.


both all are NOISES in head. taking to serious the NOISES...will end one life.

Sol:

Breath.. for most of npoises but for if swimming till dept then you will not able to get yopuar breath. that case talk with someone. someone will anyone a bagger, a strager (a good friend ) and anyone if that person hate you.
for failers go get testorons. means do something crazy go for swimming in winters, hiking in nights, boxing, 1 hour sitting mediation sitting.
(Add some testrons activitl in your routing).

and Weak sol: Pray (if that help not to quit)...

 'Weak sol' in not permanet sol and neither make you future because it not make you strong. and remenber every quit thought, 
feeling of failer and trap is a oppurtunity to over come and make strong.









  
